ENH add fontname argument in export_graphviz for non-English characters (#18959)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v0.24.rst

- |Enhancement| :func:`tree.plot_tree` now uses colors from the matplotlib
  configuration settings. :pr:`17187` by `Andreas Müller`_.

> - |Fix| :func:`tree.export_graphviz`

Reviewer: Could you add the entry in `v1.0.rst` (you might need to merge master into your branch first). We already on our way to release 0.24 and we will probably be a bit too late to get this PR in.

Author: The `v1.0.rst` file is not in my branch. The `v1.0.rst` was committed to **master** two days ago.

Reviewer: Yes you need to merge master into your branch to synchronize with master

Author: fine

>   Add fontname argument in plot_tree for non-English characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Add `fontname` argument in :func:`tree.export_graphviz` for non-English characters.
```

Author: Done.

- |Enhancement| :func:`tree.plot_tree` now uses colors from the matplotlib
  configuration settings. :pr:`17187` by `Andreas Müller`_.

> - |Fix| Add `fontname` argument in :func:`tree.export_graphviz` and

Reviewer: You can remove this entry now.
